[Music]
Well, in the end, even though he
was laughing yesterday, he did give his opinion. I don't
know if it was B, but he did give his opinion
live. Gref, I don't know where he is. I don't know what
Setup this is, but he did give his opinion. Let's
see. It's been going around,
especially on Twitter, these past few
days. And you know that I'm a
strong person and I consider myself a strong person,
but yesterday, kiss Leire, gorgeous. It was
hard, it was hard, I mean, my
energy's a bit low. I even have a
stomach ache. I don't know if it's from
the food or if it's really from everything
that's going on. But oh well, we'll
get through this, guys. We'll get through
this like we always have,
by staying strong and being what I've
always shown because I believe
that despite everything that's happened to me, I
always believe that I've shown that I'm a
strong person and I'll move forward
in the best way possible because the truth is, I'm
strong, my face is like cement.
That's true. The last few
days have been hard, like I said,
especially today.  yesterday and it's just that yesterday
coincidentally guys and girls it was Blue
Monday and when I lay down in bed
at night and I said oh my god everything that
Gotan says that kid only
comments on yours Gotan if
you're referring to this guy that
we put the cli the laser len This one yeah I
mean literally only Javid Dallas what
happened today man everything that happened today
on Twitter everything that happened today with
the Slam finalists and
my father's operation and I said Wow what a
day and then I stopped to think and I said man
if it's the [ __ ] Blue Monday that I don't know
if you know but Blue Monday is like
the saddest day of the year it's considered the
day when people are the
saddest in the whole year because it's like the
first Monday after all the
Christmas holidays Oh yeah I didn't know that I've
never heard of that in my life Blue
Monday I've never heard of that in my
life ever let's go yesterday what I had yesterday I
think yesterday I had a [ __ ]
great day well exactly after all
the holidays no because the first Monday
after  the holidays are on
January 8th but well, like
January 15th is considered or or or the first Monday
of that week is considered Blue
Monday which is like the saddest day the
truth is that yesterday was a hard day But
well, well guys, well, the truth is that well, the
truth is that well Oh my God, it's
the second Monday of the year, okay, well in
this case it's the third because the year
started on January 1st, of course, I mean, the year started on
January 1st and it was on Monday
you cried No, the truth is that it's very difficult for me to cry
by the way, can you hear the
donations or not, guys, in a totally
inexplicable way, damn it, Okay, you're an example
to follow, cheer up, Calvo. Thank you very much,
Sebas. Thank you very much, let's see guys, it
seems like I'm eating a bite or is
going to say something, it's very difficult to talk
about the controversy that is happening, uh,
especially on Twitter with the issue of de
gref and grandma because look, I've
realized that currently there are uh a
series of people that no matter what you
say, there are people who already have their
ideas in their heads and it's a mistake to
try to think that you're going to change  the
idea of ​​​​those people Because those people
really don't care Well but the vast
majority of people let's see if this news comes out
and he doesn't say absolutely anything he doesn't
deny it and you're left with one
version I always try even though
the first one to receive the news
we react we see it [ __ ] if this is
true how strong how ugly I don't know what but I
always try to listen to the other version I
mean I think it's been proven a little
eh that those people defend something and they
defend it until the end and And well
in this case I am the ringleader or the one they
are catching and that's what it is but I'm
not going to talk about this live if
anyone wants to know what happened what
I explained you have it on Twitter
okay and I put an important tweet of
a statement but I'm not going to talk about
this basically because it is a
judicial process and in a judicial process we
are waiting for the final
sentence I don't know if it is the final
sentence I think there may be Let's see I don't
know how to go in Andorra I'll also tell you
but if there is a first instance or rather
the result they have is the first
instance and then they are waiting for the
result of the appeal I think and I understand
that then there is  another another possibility I do
n't know there are times that not but Javi
greev gave him a strike he gave me a
strike the guy gave me a strike And
look at you, it wasn't anything either, let's
see it was a very ugly thing that he did
but I don't know why you want to hide
something when anything he
does has approximately 30 times more
repercussions than
any video of mine could have okay
eh what can I tell you and the guy gave me a strike
because it was because he went with kobi I think it
was to the evening to the evening one I think it
was and they were all there
hugging kissing eh without masks
although they weren't drinking in the same house and
then the guy knowing that he had covid
okay
eh knowing that he had covid that he was already
positive started to take a counter
to do the psr I mean, the
element is a [ __ ]. By the way, I'm watching
eh just They just told me that we are
at 100 subscribers at 100 subscribers no,
no, I'm taking off the strike I had to win it
Super Saiyan we are at 100
subscribers from
293000 we're at 100 subscribers out of
200 93,000 please everyone who
's watching us right now check that you
've pressed the
subscribe button it's worth it to find out all the
gossip maybe the scoundrel thing
was ugly too Yes in the end he's a guy who
does ugly things I don't consider it as
something You know It's that of course we're
used to certain levels we're
used to certain levels of
very very bad people no So maybe we almost
see him as a child I don't know but I
don't consider him the worst I don't like him I don't like him
eh and he does some things that are
really dirty
use anything against me
you know what I want to tell you and I've
realized Thank you very much Ed for the
donation I've realized guys that it doesn't matter
what I explain or what I
say in the end what prevails and
what's most important is what
the law says which well uh I consider that I
respect quite a bit and it's not a question of
giving explanations  because you're always going to
have people supporting you or people
saying that you are the nonsense that I
've read in the last 24 hours
So I'm not going to talk live
about this topic because people are going to bring out
a lot of content there are people who
are waiting for me to talk to attack me in
the slightest even [ __ ] all this has been
made public to try to [ __ ]
me over publicly and they are succeeding
and the more I talk the worse you understand
So I've come to understand that it's
as simple as I mean I can't even
make jokes About it you understand
why the [ __ ] so I can't make
jokes on the land he put the video of an
old lady dancing they can't make jokes he
says and he has already put on Twitter in the
hands I don't know how many times he has already put the
video of the lady dancing I you already know
how I take it in the end I take
everything as a meme I take everything with And
yesterday he said that he was going to eat our
grandmothers humor but it's that I
can simply wait I mean I'm sure you've
seen many times that someone has
been accused of certain things and that
person has swallowed  a spectacular piece of [ __ ]
and until the end it has not been
proven that that person was not
doing that it is not how people
thought and the law gives him the reason let's see the
law does not really you this this is like
using this is like well well well I do
not want to give you an example no But there are
people who use a
judicial procedure as if that
judicial procedure gave you the reason in the whole
conflict that you have with the other
person let's see This is like the
lawsuits for insults that we have been
seeing around here no oh no it's not that I have
sued him for insults okay It's not that
justice has given me the reason you were lying
no or for example the one that we are
waiting for the sentence No no it's that he
has persecuted me he has lied to me no no no
let's see this trial and this lawsuit
is for these three little words without more
win it or lose it Well take your
money you know but it's for these three
little words here it does not enter if you did
this if you did the other if you did
that and as is okay here the trial
that gref has with that lady is of
descio or in other words they are going to give him the reason or not
in that he has it  that evict but that's
already uh
the debate is going to be the same it's that
for me judicially in this case it's
that gre is right dude I mean he's
lying about a lot of things to
cover his ass publicly from the
media to look good he leaves the
property of the company Sorry he leaves
the company before the
trial where he was summoned as a
witness so that this doesn't get mediated but the
truth is dude If you have
bought a building and there's a lady
who won't leave you want to kick her out yes it is
the law he respects it a lot yes it's not the
same legal as moral Of course but the
moral thing here What would be the moral thing here What would it
be Poor lady let's see if the
lady were to stay on the street
obviously clear there that was how we
believed it was the first day but of
course if she is a lady who is being taken care of who
knows very well that this property is not
hers and that she has other ones dude that according to what they
told me tomorrow I'll find out
better okay according to what they told me it
is a family that has a chain of
banks what I tell you I mean the moral thing
What is it Oh  that how is a lady leaving
the house there until I mean your property
let it be the lady's, wouldn't it be almost
like saving the distances no because
the lady hasn't entered there by
force No or anything like that but wouldn't it be the
same as being in favor of the
occupation he says curiosities that
Grel took out the windows and
doors of the building so that the lady would leave
I don't think he took out the windows and doors of the building so that
the lady would leave. What I
think was that they started to do
works to try to restore the entire
building to put up rentals to
sell it for whatever without touching that
without touching the lady's house
obviously but of course when you are working on
works you are taking out the doors you are taking out the gate you are taking
out The
bars on the windows of the entrance of
the floors of the building you are taking out
the tiles you know what I'm telling you it gets
damaged Maybe a common pipe
with I don't know what you know is a problem of course it is
a problem it is that I don't know here the
truth is it is a good debate but the thing is that if
I were in her position I would want to
throw her out too  Uncle you know what I'm telling you
is that I in supposition to put there
well exactly Maria Ignacia a
kiss and also I think it harms him
because he's walking around with the lies you know eh
Because he's walking around with the lies
that he didn't know anything about let's see uncle if he
knows it's your company you want to kick
the lady out well he says so Hey look it's
a property that I bought and there's
a lady there who doesn't want to leave
the house and the lady says that this
is hers because she has a verbal contract I
mean there's no paper and there's
nothing here but she has a
verbal contract and she wants to legally hold on to
a contract that can't be proven
clear I would go out and say it and I would say
man it's a lady that if it were
obviously hers to throw out the
street well come on I'll wait a few years and I'm
screwed No my investment there come on
okay because you're not going to leave a person
on the street an 80 year old person on the
street but of course if we're talking
now that she's one of the most
powerful people in Andorra I'm going to read you what
the people of the town tell me eh that I mean I'm telling
you that  I have no proof of this,
okay, I'm telling you that I
obviously have no proof of this, but damn,
several people that I've
asked have told me this and they have nothing to do
with one another, okay, look. They
told me that it's a family that
owns banks, gas stations, stores,
properties, parking, meaning they have a
ton of parking, meaning they could
even give the lady a parking space, I'm not
joking, I'm joking, of course, so
things change here, [ __ ]. So the lady
is rooted to that property because it's
where she's raised her children and she doesn't
want to leave, of course, so things
change here. What is the what is the moral thing?
What is the moral thing because it's clear, I'm telling you, if you come across a situation where it's an 80-year-old lady who's not well, who doesn't have anyone, and you leave her on the
street so you can make money when you already
have plenty of money when you're a
millionaire. Of course, well, there you go, [ __ ], you're
in a bind, but I think you have to
[ __ ] yourself because you're not going to take a
person and leave them on the street,
mannu, a kiss, it's their home  Javi but it's
not his home it's that he hasn't
bought it Look over there is Uncle Shur
What is he doing here until now Rey says
Uncle Shur sells the emotional story more
than the judicial one is that of course
the moral But what is what is moral
because to me the moral would be worth it in the
case of what we believed the first
day that it was a woman who was
throwing her out into the street that she was
putting a head to threaten her in
the doorway and that she was tearing out her
windows or whatever but of course if it is not
100% like that it is that as
the days have gone by the nuances are becoming they are
taking a different form than what we
had the first day I mean one thing is it is
more certain that the lady was already
moving out and that is why her pipes froze
then she came back and saw the works she freaked out and
said she reported them no I don't think it
was like that either eh I mean the lady
was there this one started the works this
what he tried to do was he found
the ticket Okay I think that at first he did
not intend to throw her out eh And what he
intended to do  while
the lady was there she was fixing the
rest of the building she probably has
as much money as gref
capricious millionaire fight probably has
sure from what they're telling me she
probably has more raisins than gref
well more raisins than gre mu comp
complicated eh she has a lot of money she has a lot a lot
but well listen to me let's see let's see
I think that
at first he wasn't going to kick her out but
what he tried to do was do some work on the
rest of the building so that the investment would
move the lady got upset with the
work maybe her
pipes broke she was cold anything didn't
work the electricity failed she
cut off the lights whatever and she said eh you ca
n't touch anything here as long as I
live here And that's where the conflict begins
she files the complaint first eh in other words the one who
takes the first legal measures is her who
files a lawsuit for
precautionary measures she files a lawsuit for
precautionary measures and she wins that
lawsuit for precautionary measures she wins that there
is no no sentence
against gref It is that they agree with her
that as long as that lady is there the
works cannot be done of course there she
is with a  problem is that well I have
an investment here I have a
property here but it's not that I have to
respect the lady's house is that she
won't let me touch the rest of the building and she
has sued me that it is not a
lawsuit with a trial it is a lawsuit for precautionary measures I sue her of course he has sued her to challenge and justice rules in his favor because he has it He has it or rather I don't know what they will do in the appeal but of course if we are basing ourselves on a verbal contract, no matter
how valid it is because it is
valid because at the time it was valid
because it is legal Yes but how do you
prove it I mean now I arrive in Andorra
and I say Hey look that tennis court is
mine because my grandmother who died 10
years ago had a
verbal contract and now on top of that the
owner testifies against the
woman in court the lawsuit for dismissal
was not first figure it was later
first is the lawsuit for
precautionary measures to stop the works I mean
what I'm telling you is what I'm telling you I mean if
you find a ticket in which it
is a lady who does not have  where to go that does
n't have a house is worth a lady lady of something
80 years old doesn't have a house doesn't
have anywhere to go you're not going to leave
a person on the street when you're a
millionaire when you're in
Gref's situation and you don't mind waiting 5 years
Hey, I hope it's many eh but by
nature 5 years 10 years a lot of hands Eh you
understand me So I think that Gref doesn't care about
an investment Let's see, it's not that he would
say the same but well before
leaving a person on the street no if it's
a person let's see I think that the
point there is that if it's a person who was
left completely helpless that was
left outside you know and that they were
throwing them out under threats yes but if it's a
person who is heading into a
property that is not theirs but I'll also
tell you one thing man I'll also tell you one
thing that seems super strange to me that this
person has a rental home
when he has gas stations garages and and
banks no tomorrow I'll get more
information tomorrow I'll get more
information 100% eh tomorrow I'll
bring you more information 100%  Mere
Javi says If that happened in Spain the problem
would be solved, not the same, of course, how is he
going to have a rental house and also
that apartment, have you seen the apartment has a
gas station, parking, it has half of Andorra and
now he has that apartment and it's for rent there
It's strange eh but it's that several
people have told me who
the lady is, I mean, what family she is from, there are
several it's that she is not, she is not a person and
yes, it's true that when I was
calling on the phone when I was
calling people they
told me I'm not interested in talking
to you and I said why the [ __ ]
Tell me I'm not going to say who you are I'm not going to say
what to talk to it's that no, I'm not
interested in talking to you It's that I don't
know who you are, I don't know if you're recording me I
don't want Leo Let's see how
this progresses, people have been
hammering So the only thing I do if I
talk about this issue of de gref and the
grandmother and such is that more people get involved,
more people give their opinion and in the end the only thing that
prevails is the law and that's
simply what I have to abide by
and wait for It's  It's true that I'm reading
very very harsh things about me from people
Well, who really don't have much of an idea
but I understand that it's what it takes to be
a public figure and a public figure
that people have a special
dislike for Do you understand why with all
these things that have happened I've come
to ask myself why me and why who
I am who I am on the
internet and why de greev And well, I've
understood that there are people who
have a lot of desire for me and there are people who
for whatever reason, like where I've moved or
I don't know or because of how I am or because of such and such,
have a lot of desire for me and and it's what it takes and
really I don't I mean I can't fight
to change everyone's opinion
I can fight for those who follow me
here listen to me every day and and you are
with me you are the ones that really
have to matter to me And I've always
told you that I'm the one that's all to
hurt you anyway friends that it's not
worth dealing with the subject because there are people
waiting for the slightest thing to
hurt me we'll wait and see what
the sentence says in the Twitter statement I
think I explained it quite well and in the
meantime let's continue with our
content let's continue with our things and that's it
because Well, we have many
projects we have the eslan awards
in a month and and that's what it is and I have to
be C involved in that it's hard
because it is hard but but it is what it is
guys it is what it is so nothing you have
on Twitter if someone wants to know about the
subject opinions of all kinds Not just my
statement and we have to wait for the
sentence to be handed down and they give reason to whoever they have to give it to
whoever they have to give it to
this has happened many times I tell you
that I'm sure you will remember stories of
people who are accused of a thousand things and then it is
proven otherwise or not it is also
proven to be true and he is
throwing at Dallas right with this eh he
is throwing he is throwing at Dallas he is he is
insinuating dude that you I mean I'm
going to tell you what he is
saying with this dude that you have been
accused of many things and you would have
liked to hear the
other side heard before people took it
as valid  other people's version
is he's throwing himself at Dallas with this
eh There are people who hate me there are
people who are waiting for the minimum and there
the people well eah there is a lot of damage done
there is a lot of [ __ ] thrown and and nothing and
whatever has to happen happens he is
asking for empathy me live I do not want I
already tell you I do not want to link myself to this
topic and stand here to explain it and give
my arguments and such because no no I
consider that it is worth it as I have
told you these days I have learned a
great lesson and I have realized that
really there are people who do not want to
listen to you I mean there are people who do not want to
think about what they are seeing or
really debate it or come to a
conclusion I I have always told you not to
support me in a eh fanatical way
I have always told you to support me if
you like what I do and you agree
with the things that I do and what I
transmit agree But there are people who
are not capable of debating read contrast
there are people who are simply out for you who do not
really care what you have done
because they are looking for the smallest reason  or the
slightest thing to attack you they don't care
what you do they care about hurting
you and but it's going for Dallas eh it's like
but if the whole internet is having an opinion
on this if the whole internet is having an
opinion on this I mean the
media first and in these
last few days I've realized that I've
realized that there is a very
valuable part of the people that I have to
take care of, which is you, those who
support me, those who I believe have shown
for many years how I am, my way
of doing things, my values. Hi Javi, have a
nice afternoon. What are we watching Mel? Well, we're
watching Gref giving his opinion on his
controversy, my way of doing everything, and
then there are other people who are simply
going to wish me harm above all else, and I
don't, I can't make an effort to keep those people
happy because they are not people who
deserve it, they are people who are simply
looking to hurt me, and my harm, and above
all, on the subject in question, let's
wait for maybe it has been made
public or that on the other side, on the
part of, Well, yes, on the other
side, they have made that effort
Raising it to the public may perhaps speed up the
process. And perhaps the judges may
say, Hey, let's resolve this issue, which
is a topic that is publicly causing a
lot of talk. Sometimes
media pressure helps with that. I agree, I don't know
the truth if that will affect it. I don't know the
truth, I have no idea if that will affect it in Andorra
[Music].